Update Cloud Quickstart (#18950)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/cockroachcloud/quickstart/create-free-trial-standard-cluster.md

> 1. [Create a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} account]({% link cockroachcloud/create-an-account.md %}). If this is your first CockroachDB Cloud organization, it will be credited with $400 in [free trial credits]({% link cockroachcloud/free-trial.md %}) to get you started.

Reviewer: Noting that this content must somehow be kept up to date if the actual amount of credits changes.

Author: Ack. We will have to search for other mentions anyway.

1. On the **Get Started** page, click **Create cluster**.
1. On the **Select a plan** page, select **Standard**.

> 1. On the **Cloud & Regions** page, select a cloud provider (GCP or AWS).

Reviewer: If we avoid the parenthesis we don't need to update this when you can choose Azure.

1. In the **Regions** section, select a region for the cluster. Refer to [CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} Regions]({% link cockroachcloud/regions.md %}) for the regions where CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.standard }} clusters can be deployed. To create a multi-region cluster, click **Add region** and select additional regions.
1. Click **Next: Capacity**.
1. On the **Capacity** page, keep the [**Provisioned capacity**]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster.md %}) at the default value of 2 vCPUs.

    Click **Next: Finalize**.

> 1. On the **Finalize** page, name your cluster. If an active free trial is listed in the right pane, you will not need to add a payment method, though you will need to do this [by the end of the trial]({% link cockroachcloud/free-trial.md %}#add-payment-methods) to further maintain your organization and its clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Finalize** page, optionally name your cluster or choose the randomly-assigned name. If an active free trial is listed in the right pane, you will not need to add a payment method. Before the  [end of the trial]({% link cockroachcloud/free-trial.md %}#add-payment-methods), you must add a payment method to keep using the cluster..
```
I do not believe you need a payment method to keep the organization. Is it worth noting that you will be reminded about this near the end of the trial?
